content/en/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Abercrave Miners Welfare Hall"
tagline: "Community, heritage, and care at the heart of Abercrave."
hero_primary_text: "Book the hall"
hero_primary_link: "/contact"
hero_secondary_text: "Learn the history"
hero_secondary_link: "/history"
quicklinks:
  - title: "History of the Hall"
    text: "A short timeline of the hall's founding and its role in village life."
    link: "/history"
  - title: "Mining Tradition"
    text: "Stories of the coal industry and the people who shaped Abercrave."
    link: "/mining-tradition"
  - title: "Facilities"
    text: "Hall hire, community rooms, and heritage spaces."
    link: "/facilities"
facilities:
  - title: "Main Hall"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
  - title: "Community Rooms"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
  - title: "Memorial Spaces"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
---
Abercrave Miners Welfare Hall is a community landmark built on solidarity and pride. This bilingual website shares the hall's story, facilities, and news while making it easy for local people to stay connected.

Commit message:

Add tenants and groups sections

content/en/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Abercrave Miners Welfare Hall"
tagline: "Community, heritage, and care at the heart of Abercrave."
hero_primary_text: "Book the hall"
hero_primary_link: "/contact"
hero_secondary_text: "Learn the history"
hero_secondary_link: "/history"
quicklinks:
  - title: "History of the Hall"
    text: "A short timeline of the hall's founding and its role in village life."
    link: "/history"
  - title: "Mining Tradition"
    text: "Stories of the coal industry and the people who shaped Abercrave."
    link: "/mining-tradition"
  - title: "Facilities"
    text: "Hall hire, community rooms, and heritage spaces."
    link: "/facilities"
  - title: "Tenants"
    text: "Meet the people and businesses based in the hall."
    link: "/tenants"
  - title: "Groups & Clubs"
    text: "Weekly gatherings and regular community sessions."
    link: "/groups-clubs"
facilities:
  - title: "Main Hall"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
  - title: "Community Rooms"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
  - title: "Memorial Spaces"
    image: "/images/hall-exterior.jpg"
---
Abercrave Miners Welfare Hall is a community landmark built on solidarity and pride. This bilingual website shares the hall's story, facilities, and news while making it easy for local people to stay connected.
